Getting involved is a vital part of the college
experience, especially at Loyola because so
much is offered.
There are over 170 different clubs and organizations
run by students at Loyola and that keeps campus
from ever being dull.
If there's something here that doesn't interest
you, then all it takes is three people and
a moderator to start your own club.
I think involving yourself in clubs and organizations
allows you to meet people on campus, students
and professors alike, whom you would not have
the opportunity to interact with otherwise.
It also allows you to learn more in an area
of interest, whether it's an academic club
or finance, or psychology or something like
that or a club that students do just for fun.
My radio show is so much fun!
It's me and my twin sister and it's called
a "double dose of entertainment with Jordan
and Joelle."
We talk about entertainment and news and we
play r&b and hip hop music and it's on Friday
nights and it's just a good way that a lot
of people listen to it on Fridays before they
go out or if they're just hanging out in their
room; it's a lot of fun and the energy is
good and it's a good vibe.
Loyolapalooza is the festival of the year
at Loyola!
The whole school comes together for the day
and we're able to meet on the quad, listen
to great music, eat really fun food and participate
in carnival activities.
There are rides here that they provide on
campus and it's just an all-day amazing event
that everybody attends.
As a freshman, I would say, get involved right
away.
There are so many different activities that
fit anyone.
Sign up for as many as you want and then narrow
it down.
I signed up for all different kinds of sports,
clubs, organizations, and then I realized
I signed for too many so I narrowed it down
to what fit me and my interests and as well
as what kind of people I was meeting.
Try new things; try anything that you want
to do!
Even if it's something that scares you; go
try it and you'll meet new people.